Participants:

Thomas Arnold
Ian Tsu Yen Huang
Akutsu
Nori Yamada
Thomas Saerbeck
Stephen Holt
Anton Le Brun

Introductions

Discuss:  Primary topic        What is needed on the web site?

Tom Arnold suggested that people look at web site

It was also suggested that people look at canSAS.org as well as the Orso
site.  Examples of outreach in related fields are also relevant:
smallangle.org Adrian Rennie's pages on reflectometry are at
reflectometry.net

Comments:

Anton Le Brun - (a) canSAS web site - likes wiki format
(b) Would like links for instruments and software to be included on Orso
site.

Tom Arnold Aimed at both experts

Adrian Rennie
Explained canSAS.org and smallangle.org: who maintains and who hosts.


reflectometry.org points to pages hosted on Github.  Domain name is
owned by Paul Kienzle

Stephen Holt

The Orso site should first use what is available

Anton Le Brun said that the primary needs are:
* List of neutron reflectometers
* Some teaching material
* Links to relevant papers

There is also need for a calendar of meetings.

Mail list: Needed for meetings.  Suggestion to have a sub-list of
neutron mail list but this would make X-ray specialists feel excluded.
Could there be a separate reflection mail list like the small-angle mail
list that is run by IUCr?

There followed some general disussion about relation to IUCr.

Hub - also for mail list.  Thomas Saerbeck suggested that the page could
list various relevant mail lists.


Tom Arnold:  This group should focus on 'Education and Outreach' but
also consider what is wanted

Stephen Holt The content to be found behind tabs is rather obscure - not
clear at start
Suggested     - put description on front page
         - Overall and for each working group

Thomas Saerbeck commented that at present one needs to find out by
clicking. Need to explain on the front page.
There needs to be E-mail link(s) on the page(s)
What can be done on Github?

Anton Le Brun asked about the platform and format.

Tom Arnold showed that there is an easy edit format.  E-mail one of the
'owners' if you want become an editor.
