Attendees: Tom Arnold, Artur Glavic,  Phillipp Gutfreund,  Brian B Maranville, ...


•	How to meet in the future? What is the part of this working group for it?
o	Maybe money for a in-person meeting from PSI
o	Attach to SXNS or other in the future?
 	Widest reach across x-ray and neutron communities
	A little x-ray focused, but maybe self enhancing
	LINXS or other shared society workshop? Could be to unfocussed and small.
	
o	Meetings help to spark progress in all aspects
o	Should the Education and outreach still be responsible for organizing meetings?
	No, should be shared amongst workgroups. 
•	Would maybe require clearer association to working groups on website.
•	We could initiate that process.
o	Organization of online meetings
	Hard to schedule with different time zones
	Are there ideas how to better do it?
o	Meeting frequency and time
	Linking to conference is a good idea, SXNS seems the best choice
	Have part of meetings online?
	More then once a year in person maybe not feasible.
	Having focused meetings separately by VC should help. Maybe every 3 Months
•	Education and outreach, the scope of this workgroup
o	Out facing content
	Is definitely part of the scope of the workgroup to manage the website
	How to maintain a website? Easiest as kind of Wiki so everyone can contribute.
	Resources for people like references and things to put on other websites
  Being a central point to start research on the subject
	Add list of references and textbooks
	Promote programs which follow our guidance, but encourage others to join.
	
o	What is our outreach scope?
	Just reach reflectometrists with results from other ORSO groups?
	Try to expand user base? Maybe not. 
•	Link to e.g. PANOSC but don’t put much effort.
•	Get others to link us for related content, e.g. software of analysis.
	Publicize the importance of reproducibility etc.
	
o	Funding applications?
	We need some kind of funding, e.g. for website and in-person meetings.
	Nice to not tie it to a facility. 
	Travel seems not great to spend money on but should be payed by institutes of attendees. But can be problematic for e.g. ANSTO employees.
	Stand alone meetings would probably be too expensive.
•	How do we make decisions in the group
o	Too much agreement will slow context addition to the website. Maybe everybody should just add content. What happens on disagreement?
o	Keep it open
o	Separate ORSO approved content (standards etc.) and information content.
•	ORSO, logo
o	Should be recognizable, bear pretty good idea
o	Maybe make a survey
o	Deadline for submitting design, June 30
o	Great if other ideas are proposed.
